# HD-Remaster 100% PC

These Notes are based from Bakvorm's Notes.

## General Information

  * Do not skip any cutscenes.
  * All Dialogues can be skipped except for one section with Maechen.
  * FMV's can be skipped. 

## Leblanc

  * Listen to Real Emotion.

### 1st Leblanc Fight

  * Rikku / Paine: Attack Yuna until she drops.
  * Rikku / Paine: Kill Goons.

### 1st Goon Fight
  * Rikku: Steal Budget Grenade once per Goon.
  * Paine: Use 2nd Budget Grenade on Goons.

### 2nd / 3rd Goon Fight
  * Rikku: Steal Budget Grenade once per Goon.
  * Paine: Use 2nd Budget Grenade on Goons.
  * Touch Moogle After Fight (once you reach it.) then exit to where Leblanc disappeared. 
    !moogle(/images/moogle.png)

### 4th Goon Fight: 
  * Rikku: Steal Budget Grenade once per Goon.
  * Paine: Use 2nd Budget Grenade on Goons. (Paine should Learn Sentinel in this fight).

### Ornis and Logos Fight
  * Rikku: Steal Accesories
  * Yuna / Paine (and Rikku after successfully stealing): Attack

### 2nd LeBlanc Fight
  * Yuna: Garment Grid to Songstress then Darkness Dance.
  * Rikku: Steal from LeBlanc and once successful, attack.
  * Paine: Attack Leblanc.

  * Split Timer on "Mission Complete"

## Mt. Gagazet

### Ship - Moving
  * Talk to Shinra and enter Tutorials.
  * Go into the Creature Creator and Garment Grid Tutorials (Can be cancelled out, press start for the Grid Tutorial). Get the Vanguard Garment Grid as a reward.

### Ship - Creature Creator
  * Small Pods to Zanarkand for Anole or a Gecko (2/3's Chance, do this twice you need Anole and a Gecko)
  * Place any not size S pods anywhere. 
  * Small Pods to Guadosalam for a Goon (1/3 chance and definitely not a She-Goon)

### Ship - Menu
  * Garment Grid - Vanguard. Put Thief on Top and Warrior on the Left
  * Creatures - Use Vanguard Grid and Thief Job
  * Put the Creatures in your Party

### Ship - More Moving.
  * Talk to Brother, Rikku, Buddy, Paine. 
  * Use the elevator to go to the Cabin.
  * Talk to Barkeep then Rest. Jump down the platform (Hold Circle). Head back to the elevator to go to the Deck.
  * Head to Shinra and watch the Sphere.
  * Go to Brother and head to Mt. Gagazet.

### Gagazet - Moving
  * Get the Chest then head to the Elevator and proceed south-east to the LeBlanc Fight.

### Leblanc / Logos / Ornis
  * 5 Star and watch the Massacre.

### Gagazet - Chasing LeBlanc
  * Chase LeBlanc One Star any random encounters to escape. 
  * 5 Star Ornis and Logos Fights.
  * Get the White Ring Chest if you failed and Steals, otherwise head to LeBlanc and get the Muscle Belt.

### Boris
  * 5 Star Obliteration.
  * Head Up to the Sphere and split on Mission Complete.

## Mushroom Rock Road

### Ship - Moving
  * Check Save (You should be at 6%), then jump down to Brother to comfort him.
  * Head to Barkeep, sell everything except the Muscle Belt, then go back to Shinra and fly to the Calm Lands.